	Why has it been for so long that the only open source option for syndicating multimedia content online has been Wordpress w/the Podpress plugin?
	
	Well that the exact issue speakingOUT will solve.  speakingOUT is designed from the ground up w/the goal of supporting &enabling artist &producers who use the internet to distribute their art works; to do so easily &quickly.  While still giving us designers &programmers the low level control we desire.  &On both ends of the spectrum; from easiest to most customized.  speakingOUT does this all easier &better than the currently available options.

	Whatever your regularly distributed syndicated art form is.  Including animated shows, audio programs(a.k.a. podcasts), video shows(even vlogs), online audio book or e-text story tellers, &new media producers of all kinds.
	
	speakingOUT helps manage show notes, multiple clips &segments as well as transitions.  Than as each episode is ready speakingOUT can automatically create your multimedia file(s), updates its RSS feed, &publishes your episode.  Segments can be "stitched" together automatically based on date &time rules.  Show notes are also stitched together &a post is created that's viewable on your podcast's homepage, the episodes own REST compatible URI, &the episode's RSS entry.Tired of the only option for powering a podcast being Wordpress w/the Podpress plugin.  Well no longer.  speakingOUT is designed from the ground up w/the goal of supporting producers who use the internet to distribute their art.

	Whatever your regularly distributed syndicated art form is.  Including animated shows, audio programs(a.k.a. podcasts), video shows(even vlogs), online audio book or e-text story tellers, &new media producers of all kinds.

	For those who want to control their podcast to the smallest level.   speakingOUT will allow producers to control their podcast from the smallest level 

	speakingOUT helps manage show notes, multiple clips &segments as well as transitions.  Than as each episode is ready speakingOUT can automatically create your multimedia file(s), updates its RSS feed, &publishes your episode.  Segments can be "stitched" together automatically based on date &time rules.  Show notes are also stitched together &a post is created that's viewable on your podcast's homepage, the episodes own REST compatible URI, &the episode's RSS entry.
